Hello, Spacemesh.
The reason I am looking forward
to Spacemesh is that
there are a lot of problems with
the vast majority of the current
conventional proofs of work.
Not only do they require
expensive equipment to be implemented,
but they also consume
a lot of energy during operations,
placing a heavy burden
on the environment.
Resources are limited,
and our ever-growing waste of resources
has a negative impact on our future.
To not shy away from the future,
we need to change.
Compared to conventional
proofs of work,
Spacemesh consumes far less energy.
I believe the first step
towards a new future
begins with Spacemesh.